so the first thing I'm gonna do to get
started is to fill in my brows and hers
are actually a little bit more angled
and higher than mine and actually a
little thicker so I'm going to fill mine
in to look like hers and for this I'm
just using an angled brush and a brown
eyeshadow you can skip this part if you
want however you want to do it so now
for the eyes to get started I'm going to
create a base using a super light Brown
it's actually about two shades darker
than my foundation shade and I'm just
using this to blend over top on and all
of these colors are matte so next I'm
going to take a chocolate brown and
using a liner brush so I have more
precision in a smaller line I'm gonna
place this right into the crease and
blend it inwards
it's super skinny and it's not really
blended out so it's just really a simple
line and it creates more depth it's more
of an illusion than an actual eyeshadow
look now for my highlight I'm going to
use a matte champagne color and I'm
placing this underneath the brow then
I'm going to take a black eyeshadow and
I'm gonna wet it with water and using an
angled brush I'm going to create a cat
eye
I'm also applying a little bit black
liner on the bottom and winging it out
on the bottom as well
using a small brush and a black
eyeshadow I'm going to next create her a
beauty mark to finish up the eyes apply
mascara and false lashes and then to
finish up the makeup I'm going to apply
a bright red lipstick this look is super
classic and really easy to recreate all
I did to finish up the look was pin up
my hair kind of messy to create a short
look and then I am wearing a strapless
white top and jewelry if you have any
other questions about this look make
sure you comment below or check out the
description box thank you guys so much
for watching